Before we go any further let's label our layers
so we can now go ahead and merge our two shadow layers
.
And let's name the layer chateaus and we'll do that for all of our players
Now we want to change the color of our shadows so right now it's just a plain black shadow but we want
our shadows to feel a little bit cool so we are going to change the levels on it to bring them to more
of a blue color and the way we do that is we'll select them
then we'll come to our levels which is this little guy right here.
Then we'll come to our blue
and we will slide this across to change the levels of blue and we want more blue.
So we're going to slide out a little bit towards the blue side and we want to take some of that red
out because we don't want it to look very purple So we're going to take a little bit of red out
like that.
And now we just want to do that on the rest of our layers.
Now that we've changed the colors on all of our shadows we're going to create some grass for our floating
islands.
So let's start with our larger floating island first.
So what we'll do is we'll add a new layer then we'll grab our brush
and using this bluish green color we are going to paint in a solid shape for grass.
So act as the base color and sort of as the shadow for the grass.
You'll see what I mean here in a second
.
Right now we are going to grab this a lighter green color
and we're going to shrink our brush size them.
Now let's go ahead and zoom in so you can really see what we're doing.
what we're going to do is we're just going to start painting strokes that look like grass just like
that.
We'll just continue to do this on both layers of grass
.
You want to make sure they look a little random a little organic.
So some of them will crisscross
.
Now I'll move onto our top layer.
Our top level I mean
.
That's good.
Maybe a little bit more down here.
Really what is grass.
I seem to be hanging over a lot.
Very overgrown and sagging.
All right.
Now let's grab a lighter color and let's Najah a bit more towards the yellow side
and we'll use that for the highlight for our grass
to start painting like so
move to the second layer level
.
And now we've created a really cool grass look and go ahead and do that on your second island and then
we can move on to the next part of our course.